There's gonna be some cases where we would like to use special characters in IMO.
So maybe let's look at it how we can work with them and how we can access them.
First and foremost let me get rid of this paragraph.
I'm not going to need it right now as well as let's create a hearing one maybe.
And you know what I didn't want to delete the body.
So let me just uh go back.
Uh here let's say that there is gonna be a ring one and within the heading One will like to use the
copyright special character so I can just write over here copy right.
So some kind of text.
And then how would access the special characters engage him.
Well first of all I would have to access the ampersand sign.
And if you know that you would need to do the shift as well as on my keyboard at least it's above the
number seven on orders.
Now I'm getting my Ampersand sign.
And next I would need to come up with the name that I would be looking for.
So obviously I already know that I'm gonna be looking for copy and check it out.
I would need to write whatever the character I'm looking for.
And then I would like to use the semicolon.
So the moment we're gonna save it I'm gonna have the whatever text I had as well as the special character.
Now you can look for special characters obviously online there's a bunch of tables that give you all
kinds of names.
I'm not gonna go through those tables.
It's really gonna be time consuming and a lot of wasted time.
Just remember that whenever you would be looking for some kind of special character again you can just
google more special characters and that's gonna give you tons and tons of options as you can place it
within your agency email element.
But again the syntax would be exactly the same.
We would have the ampersand again.
We would know some kind of name or number that we're looking for and we would finish off with a semicolon
and then we're gonna have this special character displayed in our HCM I'll document.